---
title: The power of channels
subtitle: Use forms to digitize manual operations, use metrics and unit of measures in order to trigger alerts and visualize your data
tags: [updates, new, featured]
author: alex
---


## Use channels to drive processes

Zira is channel-based, instant-messaging app, in this article we will learn how to use channels to automate processes and get full visibility on important insights in real time

Zira channels allow teams to manage every aspect of their working routines:
- Communication
- Tasks management
- Scheduled reports
- Data-driven alerts
- Real-time and historic Data-visualization 

#### Zira channels hierarchy

Zira designed as a digital workspace that simulate your actual workspace. you can think of it as virtual twin of an organization.

- **Companies**: Resemble your higher organization hierarchy (like Coca-cola or Mac-Donald)
- **Sites**: Every company usually have one or more sites (for example factories, buildings, stores)
- **Channels**: Channels can be any subject within a site (for example, teams, work centers, utility, sales)

Channels can be arranged with a hierarchy in order to reflect your actual organization structure

SITE OVERVIEW > OPEN SUB CHANNEL > OPEN A CHANNEL > GO OVER FEW POSTS



Zira is all about data visibility and data-driven actions. it may sound complicated but the actual experience is like chatting in your preferred IM application.

Most of the communication happens automatically and triggered by data

#### After understanding the basic channels hierarchy, let's see what we can do with channels:


**Teams communication**

Inter-personal communication like posts, images, comments, mentions, reactions

Channels can be private or public within your site or company

**Data sources** 

Add data-sources to a channel in order to get data-analysis on relevant data. 

The basic awareness to data and KPIs will immediately improve teams performance

Channels really shine when you connect it to data-sources   [Learn more](../_docs/data-sources/introduction.md)


**Digital forms**

Digital forms are wonderful way to collect data on manual procedures, like quality control, safety checks, and basically any kind of manual data. 

Stop using pen and paper and go paperless!  [Learn more](../_docs/data-sources/forms.md)

**Tasks**

Tasks are the way to manage projects. once creating a task under a channel, every status change will be reflected in the channel's feed. 

Tasks can also be created directly from posts, allows you to act immediately on any event. in addition we allow to automagically create tasks based on your data. **very convenient, very productive**

ADD TASK FROM ALERT VIDEO

**Triggers**

Triggers is the way to automate things based on your data. set up a rules on your data and decide how you want to act (for example post an alert, open a task, or even trigger procurement request) this will give you the ability to act immediately on what important  

The cool thing about channels is that once you have them, you can easily correlate data of multiple channels using our dashboards, in order to get cross-channels insights.
[Learn more](../_docs/data-sources/triggers.md)

OPEN SITE > SHOW FEW PRODUCTION LINES > OPEN TO VIEW SUB SYSTEMS > OPEN DASHBOARD THAT SHOW KPI TABLE OR ANY OTHER GOOD WIDGET WITH ALL CHANNELS






