---
layout: doc
title: Data-table
categories: [Data-sources]
author: Gadi Maizler
tags: 
---
### Introduction
Data table allows to view all the historical data of any data-source.  

If the data source a Form or Manual data-source it is also possible to modify/delete the data.


### View
entering the data table is done by clicking on the data source.
by default the table will show the latest entries.

{% include image.html noBorder="true" img="data-table.png" lightbox="true" alt="data-table" caption="data-table" %}  

it is also possible to navigate between pages with the arrows at the bottom of the page.


if a specific date range is in interest, the range can be chosen through the date picker 
{% include image.html noBorder="true" img="dataTableTime.png" lightbox="true" alt="time picker" caption="time picker" %}  


it is also possible to download the data in csv format. 
the data that will be downloaded is the date-range that was chosen or the last 100 entries
{% include image.html noBorder="true" img="datatableDownload.png" lightbox="true" alt="download csv" caption="download csv" %}

*Note* - in case the data-source is a Form additional 3 fields will be shown at the dataTable:

- Submission Id
- Submitted By
- Submitted At

the values are auto generated by Zira.
### Modify
while the device is a Form/Manual device the data-table has additional options:
{% include image.html noBorder="true" img="FormDataTable.png" lightbox="true" alt="data-table modify" caption="data-table modify" %}

a value can be changed by double clicking on it, after the modification the whole row is being grayed out. the new entry will be saved after clicking the "Save" button.

{% include image.html noBorder="true" img="dataTableEdit.png" lightbox="true" alt="data-table edit" caption="data-table edit" %}


clicking on specific row and then selecting the "trash" button will mark the line in red, after clicking the save button the line we be deleted.
{% include image.html noBorder="true" img="dataTableDelete.png" lightbox="true" alt="data-table delete" caption="data-table edit" %}

insertion of a new entry is done by clicking "Add Reading", it is explained in more details -> [here](../forms/#fill-a-form)